Update combobox article for selectionbox template (#1065)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/combobox/databinding.md

- `ItemsSource`(`IEnumerable`)&mdash;Defines the collection of the items that will populate the control with data.
- `DisplayMemberPath`(`string`)&mdash;Defines the name of the property which will be visualized inside the drop-down list.

> > If `DisplayMemberPath` is not set the `ToString` implementation of the business object will be visualized. The `DisplayMemberPath` is a property that helps the developers to visualize an exact property from the business object they are bound to. 

Reviewer: * Avoid placing two notes next to each other because their effectiveness diminishes. The same happens with notes next to lists with no text paragraphs in between.
* Let's first explain what the `DisplayMemberPath` is, and then mention what happens when we don't use it.
```suggestion
The `DisplayMemberPath` is a property that lets the developer specify a particular property of the business object to be displayed. If `DisplayMemberPath` is not set, the ComboBox will visualize the `ToString` implementation of the business object. 
```

> > Use the [`SelectionBoxTemplate`](%slug combobox-templates%) to customzie the content inside the input area when an item is selected, and the `DisplayMemberPath` property is not set. The `SelectionBoxTemplate` applies when the `SelectionMode` is `Single` and the control's `IsEditable` porperty is set to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To customize the content inside the input area when an item is selected and the `DisplayMemberPath` property is not set, use the [`SelectionBoxTemplate`](%slug combobox-templates%). The `SelectionBoxTemplate` applies when the `SelectionMode` is `Single` and the control's `IsEditable` property is set to `false`.
```
